---
title: Slow Carb
tags: lab
category: september-2020
image: /thumbnails/example.png
illo: /illos/default.png
description: And it's a funny sort of business to be sitting up there at your desk, talking down at your subordinates from up there, especially when you have to go right up close because the boss is hard of hearing. Well, there's still some hope; once I've got the money together to pay off my parents' debt to him - another five or six years I suppose - that's definitely what I'll do.
---

# Proteins
Egg whites with 1–2 whole eggs for ﬂavor (or, if organic, 2–5 whole eggs, including yolks)

Chicken breast or thigh

Black beans

Beef (preferably grass-fed)

Pork

Fish

# Legumes
Lentils

Pinto beans

Red beans

Soybeans

# Vegetables
Spinach

Mixed vegetables (including broccoli, cauliﬂower, or any other cruciferous vegetables)

Sauerkraut, kimchee (full explanation of these later in “Damage Control”)

Asparagus

Peas

Broccoli

Green beans

# Tips
Stick to Slow-Carb Diet approved foods 6 days a week: lean meat, beans, and veggies and no white foods like sugar, pasta, rice, bread, cheese.

Eat the same few meals over and over again, especially for breakfast and lunch. You probably do this already; you’re just picking new default meals.

Don’t drink calories. 1-2 glasses of red wine is okay.

Start your day with protein, shooting for 30g within 30 minutes of waking (boosts success rate by 11%).

Don’t eat fruit. Tomatoes and avocados are allowed in moderation.

Take one “cheat day” a week: Eat whatever you want on cheat days. Tim recommends Saturday for social purposes.

# Breakfast
The ideal breakfast is 30g of protein within 30 minutes of waking up. Eggs are an easy way to do this (and boost success rate by 10%). Some meal ideas:

Smoothie with 30g of protein powder

3 eggs (16g) with 3 slices of Canadian bacon (13g)

2 eggs (12g) with 1/2 cup black beans (20g), salsa and guacamole

3 servings of spinach or broccoli frittata (30g or
5-6 eggs plus some protein from the veggies)

Caffeine is okay! Drink unsweetened coffee or tea without milk or cream. If you drink caffeinated soda in the morning, limit it to one can of diet soda a day.